feat: add more gsoc 2024 projects (#7302)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_data/authors/krisstern.adoc

---

// descriptive text comes here

> Kris has been helping out with Jenkins's GSoC participation organization since 2022 and has volunteered to be a GSoC project mentor. She has participated in GSoC twice as a contributor/student previously in 2019 and 2020, and has been trained academically as an astrophysicist with a PhD in the discipline of observational astronomy obtained from the University of Hong Kong in 2021. Professionally Kris works in the IT sector as a software engineer. She has work experiences in Python, C++, Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS/Sass, JQuery, SQL, and have completed projects in software development in general, specifically in artificial intelligence/deep learning/computer vision, Qt programming, and web development. Kris is passionate about open-source and would like to share this passion with fellow learners. Currently, Kris is a part-time MCIT Online student at UPenn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kris has been helping out with Jenkins' GSoC participation organization since 2022 and has volunteered to be a GSoC project mentor. She has participated in GSoC twice as a contributor/student previously in 2019 and 2020, and has been trained academically as an astrophysicist with a PhD in the discipline of observational astronomy obtained from the University of Hong Kong in 2021. Professionally, Kris works in the IT sector as a software engineer. She has work experiences in Python, C++, Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS/Sass, JQuery, SQL, and has completed projects in software development in general and specifically in artificial intelligence/deep learning/computer vision, Qt programming, and web development. Kris is passionate about open-source and would like to share this passion with fellow learners. Currently, Kris is a part-time MCIT Online student at UPenn.
```
Suggestion to adjust some of the grammar and wording for clarity.
